Your Majesty.
I have something to report.
Because Your Majesty stepped in with your right foot just now,
I am not happy.
If he stepped with the left foot,
would he be unhappy too?
What happened?
Your Majesty, we have leads on the one we were pursuing.
When we captured him,
he bit down on a poison pill hidden in his mouth.
He committed suicide with the poison.
See where you can run now.
Stop him!
We were too late to save him.
Please punish us, Your Majesty.
How could this happen?
But, but what?
Quickly, say that the physician’s body has some oddities.
As a physician,
he should have been in contact with various medicines every day.
Yet there is no trace of any medicine
in the crevices of his nails.
And the body has no medicinal smell at all.
What do you mean?
The physician was an imposter?
I found after repeated examinations
that this person’s face was covered with a human skin mask.
In this case,
Prince Duan is the puppet.
I...
The matter of the fake physician must not be leaked.
I don't believe that person can vanish into thin air.
You must investigate this discreetly.
I will obey the order.
Even if this physician were extraordinarily skilled,
now that Prince Duan is dead,
he cannot use anyone else to set up a stage.